chore: update testing instructions and github actions (#7172)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: TESTING.md

If not for golden files, the test above, instead of ~150 lines, would easily require around ~1000 lines. The usage of golden files help us maintain test suites with several multi line strings comparison without sacrificing test readability.

### Updating Golden Files

There are contributions, e.g. adding a new required field to an existing configuration, that require to update several golden files at once. This can easily be done with the command below:

```shell
make test-unit-update-golden
```

## End-to-End tests

Sometimes, running tests in isolation is not enough and we really want test the behavior of Prometheus-Operator when running in a working Kubernetes cluster. For those occasions, end-to-end tests are our choice.

To run e2e-tests locally, first start a Kubernetes cluster.

We recommend [KinD](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) because it is lightweight (it can run on small notebooks) and this is what the project's CI uses. [MiniKube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) is also another option.

> ### Setting up the local cluster

Reviewer: I wonder how much of this content could move to CONTRIBUTING.md? It already has a `Local Development` section where these instructions would fit nicely.

#### Kind

```shell
kind create cluster --name e2e
```

> ##### Building images and loading them into your kind cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Loading images
```

> ###### Using docker with kind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Using docker

Before running automated end-to-end tests, you need run the following command to make images and load it in your local cluster:

```shell
KIND_CONTEXT=e2e make test-e2e-images
```

> ###### Using podman with kind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Using podman
```

```shell
podman machine init --cpus=4 --memory=8192 --rootful --now
```

Before running automated end-to-end tests, you need to run the following command to make images and load it in your local cluster:

```shell
CONTAINER_CLI=podman KIND_CONTEXT=e2e make test-e2e-images
```

> [!TIP]
> If you are using [podman-desktop](https://podman-desktop.io/docs/podman/creating-a-podman-machine), it is quite easy to create the podman machine or update the podman machine resource settings. It also has a nice [kind extension](https://podman-desktop.io/docs/kind) to make the intergation with kind easier.

#### Minikube

Create the minikube cluster.

```shell
minikube start --embed-certs --profile e2e
```

Above command will use the default driver. If you want to use a different driver, use `--driver` flag
in the command. Refer [minikube documentation](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/drivers/) for more details.

> [!NOTE]
> `--embed-certs` option is needed to embed the certs in kubeconfig like in Kind and extract it later for
> running the script `./scripts/run-external.sh`

> ##### Building images and loading them into your minikube cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Loading images
```

> ###### Using docker with minikube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Using docker
```

Before running automated end-to-end tests, you need run the following command to make images and load it in your local cluster:

```shell
make test-e2e-images-minikube
```

> ###### Using podman with minikube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Using podman
```

Follow the same instructions from [using podman with kind](#using-podman-with-kind) for creating podman machine.

Before running automated end-to-end tests, you need to run the following command to make images and load it in your local cluster:

```shell
CONTAINER_CLI=podman make test-e2e-images-minikube
```

> [!TIP]
> If you are using [podman-desktop](https://podman-desktop.io/docs/podman/creating-a-podman-machine), it is quite easy to create the podman machine or update the podman machine resource settings. It also has a nice [minikube extension](https://podman-desktop.io/docs/minikube) to make the intergation with minikube easier.

### Troubleshooting

If you get errors while running the `make` commands, most probably running `make clean` and then executing commands will fix
the issues.

> #### Manual Testing

Reviewer: again redundant with CONTRIBUTING.md

For manual testing, you can use the utility script [scripts/run-external.sh](scripts/run-external.sh), it will check all the requirements and run your local version of the Prometheus Operator on your cluster:

If the default context already points to the test cluster created, you can simply run:

```shell
./scripts/run-external.sh -c
```

else run:

```shell
./scripts/run-external.sh <cluster context name>
```

> ### Running the automated E2E Tests

Reviewer: (nit) should we reverse the order and go from running one specific e2e test to running a subset and then running everything? The rationale being that more than often, the CI will fail on 1 specific e2e test and you want to debug locally.

> To run e2e-tests locally, first start a Kubernetes cluster. We recommend [KinD](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) because it is lightweight (it can run on small notebooks) and this is what the project's CI uses. [MiniKube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) is also another option.

Reviewer: Can we introduce subsections?

````
## End-to-end tests
### Setting up the cluster
#### Kind
#### Minikube
`````

```shell
kind create cluster --name e2e
```

or

Note: `--embed-certs` option is needed to embed the certs in kubeconfig like in Kind and extract it later for
running the script `./scripts/run-external.sh`

```shell
minikube start --embed-certs --profile e2e
```

For manual testing, you can use the utility script [scripts/run-external.sh](scripts/run-external.sh), it will check all the requirements and run your local version of the Prometheus Operator on your cluster:

> If you have default context set you can simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default context already points to the cluster, you can simply run:
```

#### Using podman with Kind

> When running Kind on MacOS using [podman](https://podman.io), it is recommended to create podman machine with `4` CPUs and `8 GiB` memory. Less resources might cause end to end tests to fail because of lack of resources in the cluster. If you are using [podman-desktop](https://podman-desktop.io/docs/podman/creating-a-podman-machine), it is quite easy to create the podman machine or update the machine resource settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Kind on MacOS using [podman](https://podman.io), it is recommended to create podman machine with `4` CPUs and `8 GiB` memory. Less resources might cause end to end tests to fail because of lack of resources in the cluster. If you are using [podman-desktop](https://podman-desktop.io/docs/podman/creating-a-podman-machine), you can create (or update) the podman machine like this:
```

Author: Podman desktop has UI so instead of commands listed below, can achieve same easily from UI. I thought mentioning that would be good 🙂 wdyt?

Reviewer: Ah ok I got confused sorry! Maybe mention podman-desktop after the command?
